Rodney the eager beaver, a homosexual rodent searching for his place in life.
An unhealthy obsession with saying thank-you is temporarily cured by the indiscreetness of a rogue chicken trainer.
Many trolls have sex and cause world earthquakes.
A minor character wins the lottery.
The newest batch of Worthing Whirlygigs are alien mind-control devices.  The way to stop them?  That’s for me to know and you to find out.
Godzilla and King Kong get it on and spawn the world’s greatest film star.
Alien discovers meaning of Hallowe’en
After being voted off as “The Weakest Link”, a waitress has visions of the show’s host losing horribly to Pee-Wee Herman on “Match Game”
In the middle of a war... carrying a super important message to allies, a messenger bird gets sidetracked.
Mr Meltedplastic.  He likes to start fires and ... melt plastic.
Your MC’s wallet is stolen.  What item is the character most upset to lose forever?
A childless couple is haunted by the embroyos that were destroyed during their fertility trials
A wandering fashion designer who seeks the Holy Grail.
Include a character or superhero named Mothman who is attracted to lights and gets stuck in screens.
The end of the world can only be prevented by the baking of the ultimate pepperoni pizza.
Three people in three different countries share memories when they dream.
The real reason Errol didn’t come to the Screnzy kickoff...but try to avoid talking about the space penquins more than you have to
An evil butterfly...nobody ever suspects the butterfly!
A corrupt Third World border guard.
Kyonshie (Chinese hopping Zombie)
Axe: body spray for dwarves.
When the escape car breaks down, the fugitives are literally on the run.
Platypus-man.
An alternate universe featuring NaNoWriMo, staring everyone’s evil twin.  (Or in Lithy’s case, good twin)
A superhero gives up his powers to be a nanny for his nieces and nephews.
Spear-holder Chaacter: very loud prophetic hobo likes Rolling Rock.
Approximately 11,462 years ago, an evil wizard is imprisoned in an enchanted stone.  Present Day:  a brownie troupe camping in the forest accidentally release the wizard by singing a 30 minute version of Kumbaya.  Hilarity ensues.
What’s the worst thing your MC has ever done?  The best?
You’re a piece of meat.  Man falls in love with sheep.  Due to budget constraints he must sell her.
A man and his llama.
Schnicklefritz Marmaduke, naked butler services mistress with relish.
A large hirsute man, smiling from across the table.
Side kick: the baggy pants master.  He only wears black and really baggy pants.  He constantly mispronounces words.
Greenie penchant.  An entrepreneur and saxaphonist with a broken leg.  
Gozilla and King Kong go on a tropical vacation. 
The last man and woman on Earth decide to mate with animals instead of each other.
A woman with a hacking cough, who wears a tattered shawl and always carries around an empty bag.  However, she is exxtremely eloquent and says something of great importance as she walks past.
A secret passed through library books escapes into a new dimension.
Against heavy pressure from his two gay fathers, a young man must come out fo the closet as straight, revealing a girlfriend after years of dating men.
Break a heart or cure an ailment.
Character - long lost relative who loves waffles.
While on vacation in a far away country, a librarian wins a million dollars.
The fool.  Character who exists to be ridiculed.  You could give him some detph if you want, but he can exist in any environment.
All of the antagonists actions are motivated by love for the protagonist.
She calls herslef Grandma, but you know the truth.  You see her walk into dead-end alleys only to disappear.  She has grey hair that smells of talcum powder, and her eyes peer through you.
A woman falls in love with a pleasure bot who is scheduled for destruction.
A middle-aged educated businessman who things that he is God.
A person with a cool-sounding latin name that really means a school yard insult, ie poo-lips, buteater, socklover
Eugene the impaler.  The illnamed leader of a ruthless band of mercenaries.
What’s your character’s worst habit?
An intelligent sword that is an absolute pacifist and refuses to hurt anyone.
A musical depicts Joss Whedon getting reveng on the Fox Network executives.
A grade 10 student discoveres that her super power is to bring out the wierdness in people--and concocts a plan to use it to her advantage.
Wizards duel over who has the pointiest hat.
Character who thinks they can absorb peoples memories by eating their brain.  Twist - They can!
Pre-plan a date with 2 unexpected characters.
Vincent van Death.  The infamous Cereal Killer
Lady Katarina of the Red Moore.  Tall beautiful redheaded witch who is very friendly and helpful unless you piss her off.  Then I recommend relocating to another reality.
An invisible vriend who can unnervingly manifest physically but only by causing faster than normal evaporation of fluids.  “Oh no, the pasta water boiled down! Darn you Mister Nifty!”
\What one word best describes your MC?
The main character reads the obituary (or receives news of a funeral service) of his cousin that they thought had died years ago and already mourned long ago.
A man stops by the cafe where he buys a sandwich every day for lunch.  To find the cashier tied up behind the counter, and apple stuffed in her mouth.  Instead of untying her, this creature of habit just goes behind the counter an makes the sandwich himself.
Lady Gaga and Rob Ford switch bodies. 
Aliens.  Highly caffeinated aliesns.  On scooters.
A hero in search of justice.  A villain in search of revenge.  A side kick in search of a theme song.
The person you wanted to be most when you were in grade 5.  (I wanted to be a vampire sailor moon)
A witch-hut and a fallen hero.
Would your MC do NaNoWrimo?  Would they win? Overachieve?
Alright, I won’t do it any more... but I won’t do it any less either.
A sim, complete with mood revealing magical glowing red-green crystal above their head.
A hilarious robot, questing for knowledge surrounded by pratfalls - think Johnny 5 from the short Circuit filsm  NOTE:Possible mass murderer.  No respect for human life.
Superheri: tenage angst man!  Saving the world, if it wasn’t a festering pit of pain!
Would your MC drive a car/motorcycle? Bike? Public transit?
A bottomless teapot...
X-mas: a holiday to celebrate the X-Men
Humpty Dumpt a three inch pork chop spots the world’s gorgeous pig.  They become friends... then lovers... then bacon.
A blue haired man who refuses to use any words that contain the letter E.
A cover up of a circus accident +/- a ghost story.
Your character is in an iceberg.
Earth begins melting and all the pineapples have mysteriously vanished.
Life at the secret government agency who hides that there are aliens amung us.  Mulder is their enemy #1.
Captain Banana Hammock and his boy wonder
An expected death in an unexpected way.
She works at the store.  At the cashier.  She’s there all the time.  I can’t help but go there, everyday, afterschool.  Just to catch a glimpse of her.  Each time I see her, I come home, sleep and I see a wierd dream–
There are three things which when added to a story automatically make it awesome.  Ninjas, pirates and zombies.
Creatte a male character and make him pretty.  Really pretty.  Use him in tesne situations as a sort of comic relief.
Suddenly the author appears in the story.  PLEASE DO NOT ACTUALLY DO THIS.
Giant lizards.  That is all.
Is your MC social or anti-social? Do they like that?
Reclusive russian scienteist builds an army of mechanical David Lee Roths in order to reinvigorate the pop music industry.
Russian girl starving on street suddenly falls down the drain...into Canada.
Chester the field mouse has to buy some furniture.  Pandamonium ensues.
What if...just like in the cartoons, the laws of physics only pay when you are paying attention?
No, not the “Holy Grail”... It’s a holy Snail!  You idiots have been searching for the wrong freaking thing.
Chaos!  Godzilla attacks Toronto!  Time of desctruction is bad!  [This is a fan subbed card.  Please only download unlicensed prompt cards.]
Protagonist physically incapable of doing anything s/he believes to be right.
Prince Andros a chaos mage who turned himself into a dragon by mistake.
Second coming of Christ - and the dinosaurs that defeated him.  The key to survival is nonmarital sex and shotguns.
Maritans come to Earth and force everybody to speak only in Martian...except in Quebec.
A live action strawberry shortcake movie
Sailor moon meets Spongebob Squarepants
G-Rated Tarantino Film
A movie version of the $25,000 pyramid”
A superhero without powers, a goal, an enemy, or even a cool costume.  Basically someone who calls themselve a superhero name.
A girl goes to Europe to find herself and literally meets her twin who was cloned by her supervillain uncle
The Burger King is now the world’s supreme ruler.
Godzilla a goth, a pirate, and Errol are stranded on a deserted island with only a typewriter, a flamethrower, and a pack of orange Tic Tacs.
In a world where EVERYTHING has a loud, inappropriate, comical sound effect.
The character is searching for the Holy Grail.
The whole wolrd sighs at the same time.  As a result the earth is shifted slightly out of orbit and everything gets colder.  
There are dragons who live secretly in the subway tunnels.
A contest...for the coolest hat catch ever...to the death!
Borris.  A small three eyed sock puppet that is orange with purple stripes.  It has goggle eyes that move.
The first lover who ever cheated on you or broke your heart.
Steal the MC or villian from some other Nanoer’s novel.  They have escaped from their old novel and com to yours in hom that they’ll actually be involved in a descent plot... Fools.
Character who speeks only in 1337 (leet speek)
A character gets hit by a train.
An asian person who things using forks to eat is cheating because it’s too easy.
A telekinetic cat with a golden eyeball that shows the future.
The only way out is down.
Kill it with FIRE
Lithy’s brain in deathbot’s body.  Bonus points if it’s a musical.
Trapped on a deserted island with deathbot, Lady Gaga, Errol, a sentient butternut squash, a talking poodle, backup Errol, and the Old Spice Guy.
The Canadian Revolutionary War
Lady Gaga and the Barenaked Ladies trade set lists for a year.
A guy/gir. gets turned int a leggo person and has to save the world from sock puppets.
A person with a grating voice who is kind and gentle
Reincarnated Bronze Age housewife convinced we are not humans but Gods due to the fact that we routinely live past age 40
A romance between Shamoo and the fail whale
Drew is Mean :(
A pink suede elephant walks int a bar where a giant Pink Bear drinks in front of the bartender.
Heaven outsources part of the angel department to Earth.
New Car: The Hyundai Chalupa.  Runs on a whole new kind of gas.
Every bug you killed left a ghost.  They know where you sleep.
A nightmare so disturbing your MC can never sleep again.
Someone who has recetly been shot, enjoyed the feeling, and keeps going out in bad neighbourhoods at night hoping to be shot again.
Corporate practices inspired by the exploding heart technique.
Clean shaven slightly nerdy looking mid-2’s fellow.  Held on too well to an idel college nick-name: SPLEEN. Even a sports car with that license plate. Note: True Story.
Viktor Karkuzo, 48.  Has passion for handwritten correspondence, calligraphy and penmanship.  Has pen pals all over the world.  Cat person.  Hates coffee.
A character who does personal writing during a computer exam.
STARBUCKS BARISTA!
When conventional vampire-slaying methods have all failed, it’s time to call in... The Plungerator!
Peanut Butter divorces Jely and searches for a new love.
A double life or a reflected life.
A red sports car appears randomly.  Your character notices and stares at it peculiarly until someone he/she recognizes waves from inside.
Your psychiatrist.
Someone struggling to complete a novel.
A character who speaks only in questions?
13 year old boy who speaks entirely 1337.  Counterstrike player who imaginarliy frags real life people he h8s.  He must never die.
In every evil heart there is an inkling to do good.  They want to contribute to socient even through they may act otherwise.
MC who reacts positivley, and er, muchly to advertisements.  Every advertisement.  Just do it... indeed.
A demi-human mentor imparts wisdom in an insulting yet insightful manner.
What is in your character’s fridge right now?
Is your MC a leader or a follower? Why?
What does your MC think is wrong with the world?
Someone is speaking in code.
A guy gets sucked into his favourite port movie.
Minor character from your favourite movie/video game that you wish had been more or better defined.
Describe a character through the use of a metaphor:  a clinging vine, a bulldozer, a prickly pear, etc
character gets cursed to be stuck in Math class until they solve the question of the meaning of life, or forever dance with a donkey.  What happens?
Mary Pat, 17, raised by nuns in a convent in Maine, steals a horse and runs away.
Create a character with a set of seemingly benign traits and talents, with one final devastating detail.  ie Hitler was an artist, vegetarian, author, visionary nationalist, orator, megalomaniac.
A lonely man runs a manufacturing plant dedicated to cheap novelty gags.  The sort noone has found funy for years.  IF EVER.  He is on a vision quest to come up with some new and wonderful gags.
Suddenly it’s discovered that athiests are right.
The Phantom of the Opera
A character mercilessly stolen from a video game... because they escaped from one.  Example - solid snake, Minsc and Boo, Sephiroth, Dom Guy, lord I’m a geek.
An argument with a psychotic squirrel.
A romantic comedy.  Two bisexual women in a same sex relationship attempt to find a male partner for a polyamorous relationship.  Fruitless frustration abounds.
The tree of knowledge is hit by lightning.  n evry 1 iz stoopidz.
deathbot comes to life.
A small town teen cracks the secret of Al Quaeda’s plans when he finds Osama Bin Laden’s Twitter page.
An animal genetically engineered to serve as a sex toy for wealthy Silicon Valley computer programmers, develops a will of its own and escapes into the sewer system.
An enigmatic figure clad all in black does not speak, has an important life-changing message to convey, but can’t convey said message via a game of Charades.  NOTE: It is hard to verbally describe a game of charades.
When refrigerators attack...
5 year old with down’s syndrome.  Make them the deepest most philosophical character in the novel.
A bald faced Santa Clause is ignored by the public for his non-traditional facial attire.  Bitter, despondant, still with that sweet kindness, and arbitrary judgemental partiality, that common perception of Santa has.  NOTE: he really is Santa.
Ga-Ga-Ah-Ah-Ah Ro-Ma-Ro-Ma-Ma Ga-Ga-Ooh-La-La... Oh jeez, she's talking to the Russians.
your MC just found a genie.  What do they wish for?
Your MC is bored.  What do they do?
He just came to town and acts differen than the other kids.  Strange things seem to happen to him, around him and everyone calls him touched.
There is an earthquake–injuries abound.
Evil mushrooms and a consipracy which involves them.
Zombie Monkeys from space have come to save us.
The universe is destroyed.  There is one survivor left to represent humanity.  It’s someone completely inappropriate.
Life and Death @ Nano
Pink hippos dance across the stage to the tune of Justin Timberlake’s Sexy Back.  Someone screams.
Setting: NYC Central Park on a park bench.  Time Dusk/Sunset  Day: Wed afternoon/evening.  Characters: Young high class professional woman in heels that brok and a dirty grubby old smelly homeless amn.
Fireman slides down pole...But earth opens up and...?
psychicks!
It’s like caffeine, only stronger.  Over 9000x as strong.  And tastes like identity theft.
D-Earth Hour.  A man celebrates Earth hour by making skunks and raccoons into biofuel for his SUV .
The cold ware: Penguins vs Polar Bears.
In space.  Nobody can hear you blow up you ex’s planet.
Why do superheros wear spandex?
Plot Twist: Missing Limb!  Main character loses a limb (literal or figurative)
A pigeon lands in front of the MC bearing a message.
There is a broken watch and a person who must always wear it.
Vengeful Deity!
The last comic book.  A geeky Valentine’s Day, and a bomb.
A rat that wears a ballerina skirt.
Killing ALL the things! (with fire!)  Alternative: saving all the things.
